[Applause]
it's the beginning of a March that will
take some of these protesters from Paris
all the way to Brussels when they arrive
in 10 days demonstrators will bring a
demand to the European Council an ends
to what they call Israel's genocide of
gaza's
Palestinians since the war on Gaza began
more than a 100 days ago regular
protests have been held in European
cities this was Madrid on Saturday tens
of thousands on the Spanish Capital
streets Israel kills Europe sponsors it
chant these
marches where is the humanity we are in
2024 and we are accepting what is
happening in Palestine what is happening
to the
world we the Palestinian people are
persistent in our fight against
colonialism and against the Israeli
occupation and against the continuing
Israeli aggression against our
people
in the UK small demonstrations took
place around the country with a larger
one in
Birmingham from the stage former
opposition leader Jeremy Corbin voiced a
belief held by many supporters of
Palestine that Western governments are
ignoring the war crimes happening as the
world watches the British government's
view in all this has been one they will
not call for a ceas fire they either
support the United
States and it's at the
UN or they say nothing and they won't
answer questions about the reality of
either the destruction of life in Gaza
or the advice they've received from
their own officials of what is going
on in the Italian city of Venza a pro
Palestinian demonstration turned
violent police used water cannon and
battens on marches
the protesters through flares and
fireworks of
police another weekend of popular
international anger as the Gaz of War
grinds on Rory chalins Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer